Bug 1708204 - Apply new structure to book with no content changes / additions (#1601)
mozilla/glean: docs/user/README.md

> if you want to use Glean.js and is missing some key Glean feature.
## Sections

> ### [User's Guides](./user/adding-glean-to-your-project.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### [User Guides](./user/adding-glean-to-your-project.html)
```

> ### [User's Guides](./user/adding-glean-to-your-project.html)

Reviewer 2: Same nit as above: "User's Guides" just feels a little awkward due to the possesive form of user.

Author: Does "User Guides" sound better? :)

This section of the book contains mostly step-by-step guides and essays detailing how to
achieve specific tasks with Glean.

It contains guides on the first steps of integrating Glean into your project,
choosing the right metric type for you, debugging products that use Glean and
Glean's built-in error reporting mechanism.

If you want to start using Glean to report data, this is the section you should read.

### [API Reference](./reference/yaml/index.html)

This section of the book contains reference pages for Glean’s user facing APIs.

If you are looking for information a specific Glean API, this is the section you should check out.

> ### [Implementation Specific Information](./impl/android/index.html)

Reviewer 3: What about:

- Language binding-specific information?
- Platform-specific information? (might be a stretch, because this is not really a platform)

Author: Hm, in retrospect I prefer Language Binding. For what it is worth, Glean.js is very much a language binding. That is a strech for Firefox Desktop, which should have it's own subsection here, but I think Firefox Desktop will always be stand out of pattern in all of the book, so that should be fine :)

> ### [Language Binding Specific Information](./language-bindings/android/index.html)

Reviewer: In the ToC it says `Implementation Specific Information`. Which do we prefer?

I think `Language Binding Specific Information` is more correct (we use "implementation" to distinguish between SDK and .js above), but I'd be cool with using "Implementation" to refer to LBs across both clients and instead clarifying the above language in the front matter to be "client"

Author: Yeah, from the start I did always dislike the "Implementation Specific..." terminology. I made the change based on Alessio's review comment https://github.com/mozilla/glean/pull/1601#discussion_r623020279

Also the TOC was a mistake which I fixed already :D See 2960ff1

It is a fuzzy concept, what is a language binding and what is an implementation of Glean. Definitely something to add to the glossary... I would be fine with calling Glean.js a language binding. [Wikipedia tells me that is not quite correct though](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Language_binding)... Why is terminology so hard?

> This section contains guides and essays regarding specific usage's
> and possibilities in each of Glean's language bindings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section contains guides and essays regarding specific usage information
and possibilities in each of Glean's language bindings.
```

> Check out this section for important information on the language binding you are using.

Reviewer: This sounds as though this is a requirement ("important information"). Are we considering LB-specific knowledge required? (this is a philosophical question)

Author: Hah, no strong opinion. I did not think long and hard before writing this page, I just wanted it to make sense with the new structure. I can remove "important", it only contains android information at this point so... :D
